This is Captain Ip.
From Captain Ip's office, of course, it was himself.
Didn't I tell you not to?
How dare you put on a first-class little cotton suit, pretend to be him, quickly take it off.
You're my wife.
How can I let you face this on your own?
I'll handle it here.
You take me home first.
Important moments with your husband are very responsible.
Dad, let's go.
Huh?
She really needs to be a long-time wife.
It's impossible.
Leaders are misunderstood.
I am the good sister of my relatives.
I'm also for his sake.
I've called the office supervisor.
What the truth is, I'll see for myself.
How is that possible?
Isn't the supervisor broken?
Looks like Blue Airlines should innovate.
Sister
I was fired and cordoned off by Captain Ip.
You're happy now.
Pretend to be a captain and fire the crew.
When it was finished, he could not open it, and Liu Ye was alone at the other end of his head.
I guess I misread you.
Have you slept with him for a long time?
It was an excuse for me and my dream to break up.
And...
Hello friend.
You've known him for a few days.
Did you know you're thinking of four people who have had a favorite for a long time?